hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and this is my review of the 2016 razor
blade highly anticipated product in
comparison to last year's model this
one's thinner more powerful and yet
somehow it's four hundred dollars
cheaper sounds pretty good right let's
take a look so the box this year is
pretty similar to last year's it's black
box with a bright green trim and inside
to get the laptop AC adapter and a pack
of pamphlets with the cleaning cloth and
some stickers the top surface is a black
anodized aluminum it's a different
material from the 2015 blade that was
rough and not pleasant to hold this is
the same smoother finish as a razor
blade stealth the Razer logo lights up
and even if you turn off the logo
lighting the backlighting from the
screen still gives it a glow it has the
same aluminum material on the bottom and
you can access the internals by removing
some screws the drive in here is yet
again that PM 9 5-1 from Samsung where
the smaller the drive is the slower they
are this is a 256 gig read speeds are
good but the write speeds aren't so hot
the 512 gig will have faster writes it's
around twice as fast but it's still not
amazing and I'd like to see better
drives at this price point the good
thing is that if you want to swap it out
it's easy to do the RAM is soldered on
it's got 16 gigs which is plenty for
gaming and the fans have been redesigned
if you take a look at them they have a
bit of a concave shape to them and
they're also easy to access if you ever
need to clean them out the screen
construction is super solid there's
essentially no flex to it and same with
the hinge excellent tension out of the
box and it's a one-hand open the
keyboard air is also very rigid now I'm
critical though build quality and in
terms of the exterior build of the razor
it's awesome
better than last year's model and I'd
say it's equal to the build quality of a
MacBook if I had to nitpick at something
I guess the plastic hand cover here
could be better but that's really all I
got now it looks super cool to have a
black anodized laptop but underneath
this black is a super shiny silver and
Nick
and chips are going to sparkle like a
diamond I highly recommend getting a
sleeve or skin for the laptop dbrand
skins even have an option to hide the
logo if you want I'll put a link down
below for reports it has three USB
threes a combo audio Jack HDMI port and
of course a Thunderbolt three port that
you can connect to the Razer core
there's no SD card slot again this year
now for kicks I try charging it with the
Thunderbolt 3 port but it didn't seem to
work with the Razer Blade stealth
charger if you're unfamiliar with the
core it's an external box that you can
connect to boost your graphics
performance if you want to learn more
about it there's a link up top and I'm
going to be doing a review of the core
with both Razer laptops shortly so be
subscribed for that the chroma key board
is pretty cool you can do lots of fun
stuff with it there's a lot of options
in the menus to make it go from rainbow
to solid to breathing to reactive
buttons it's pretty neat but don't make
it the main reason that you buy it the
novelty will probably wear off quickly
the keyboard itself is really good it
definitely feels better than the stealth
keyboard because each keystroke has a
little bit more travel it also still has
the anti-ghosting feature for maximum
spam and I think it's a keyboard that
most people will like the glass trackpad
is good it's an excellent texture not
too smooth and the controls actually
feel better than the stealth trackpad
what I don't like are the buttons they
feel like they're the same buttons as
last year they feel and sound cheap and
they're small alright so it took me over
a week to get used to it and once you've
been spoiled with a force touch trackpad
where you can click wherever you want
kind of sucks to be clicking on a tiny
sliver of a button the screen on this
model is a 14 inch XO touchscreen
running at 3200 by 1800 viewing angles
and color gamut are pretty good but I
would calibrate it if you can
it gets pretty bright 313 it's but it's
a glossy screen so some great outdoors
the weird thing is that the lowest
brightness setting isn't very dim so if
you plan on using in the dark a lot that
might bug you the webcam up top is 2
megapixel looks pretty good the bezels
on the sides aren't too bad but the top
bezel is pretty big I'm not in love with
that the speakers are pointing upward
and for a thin laptop they sound good
they definitely sound better than the
Razer Blade stealth speakers they sound
clearer they get loud and the bass isn't
bad but they're not as
speakers on the thicker laptops it's
running a quad-core skylake chip and a
gtx 970m so the razor blade handles
games well it's an older chip so there's
tons of benchmarks on the web but you're
going to get excellent gaming
performance for light to moderately
demanding titles 60 frames per second on
max graphics settings 1080p something
heavier like Rainbow six siege will
still get 55 60 frames per second with
high graphics settings at 1080p for
extremely demanding titles you'll need
to reduce your graphics quality or a
resolution at 1080p I had to play on low
to medium settings to get smooth frame
rates in the new doom granted this is
one of the most Hardware demanding games
right now and if you're thinking of
playing at the native resolution of 3200
by 1800 unless you're playing agario or
something don't do it
last year's razor blade ran really hot
this year the fans and heat pipes have
been redesigned and it's running a
skylake chip so temperatures are better
it's still hot the good thing is the
fans are strong enough to keep the clock
speed up now these fans are quiet on
idle and even when watching a movie
they spin but you won't really hear them
but when you're playing a very demanding
game the fans can get super loud you'll
probably want headphones it uses 165
watt adapter under normal use I was
getting around five and a half hours of
battery life the screen at 60% playing
games I got around one and a half hours
and to charge the battery up takes
around two and a half hours alright the
2016 razor blade 14 starts at around two
thousand dollars it has a really solid
unibody chassis excellent build quality
but get a skin or a sleeve for it it has
a 14 inch touch screen that's bright and
color accurate but the bezels are a
little big the speaker is well
positioned and sound pretty good for a
thin laptop the keyboard has fun chroma
lighting and it's a good typing
experience the trackpad is good the
buttons are not so good on the inside
the skylake quad-core i7 and the gtx
970m are strong performers but the
system can get pretty hot the 16 gigs of
ram can't be upgraded but it's more than
enough for gaming the 256 gig drive is a
little slow on writes but it is
upgradeable and powering all of this is
a 70 watt hour battery that gets around
five to five and a half hours of regular
use so this year's razor blade it's
still an expensive laptop but it's a
better product at a significantly
cheaper price compared to last year in
terms of its thermals it still runs hot
hotter than I'd like it to but that's
just the nature of the beast when you
build something this thin and this
powerful it's going to run warm but if
you are looking for a laptop that's thin
and powerful and can crush games this is
one of the best available on the market
right now that's the end of this video I
hope you guys liked it thumbs have you
liked it subs if you loved it it's been
nice I'll see you guys next time